
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                  38759                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 200852                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    11.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               19469095                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                      438923                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.000220                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   220484500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBHits                   54549                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                70955                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             31037                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.condPredicted             79925                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.lookups                   79925                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.BPredUnit.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.commit.COM:branches                 25657                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:bw_lim_events              567                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.commit.COM:bw_limited                   0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples       355685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.364783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.822342                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0-1       269749     75.84%     75.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1-2        56588     15.91%     91.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2-3        24519      6.89%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3-4         1287      0.36%     99.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4-5          786      0.22%     99.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5-6          567      0.16%     99.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6-7         1608      0.45%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7-8           14      0.00%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8          567      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total       355685                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.COM:count                   129748                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:loads                    30551                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:membars                   8310                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:refs                     41937                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.COM:swp_count                    0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts            31037                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.commitCommittedInsts        129748                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           9029                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts         140741                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.committedInsts                     104996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedInsts_total               104996                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              3.832270                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        3.832270                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses             29224                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 18192.118227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15806.818182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits                 29021                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       3693000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.006946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses                 203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      2782000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.006022                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_accesses                73                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 21093.220339                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22239.583333                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_hits                    14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency       1244500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate         0.808219                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_misses                  59                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits               11                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      1067500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.657534                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses             48                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses            11313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 23258.064516                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 14768.867925                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits                11189                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      2884000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate        0.010961                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses                124                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits              18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      1565500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009370                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           106                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_refs                735.966667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses              40537                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 20113.149847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits                  40210                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency        6577000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate          0.008067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses                  327                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      4347500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.006957                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.dcache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu0.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_%::0                  0.055235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.occ_blocks::0            28.280349                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses             40537                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 20113.149847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15416.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits                 40210                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency       6577000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate         0.008067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses                 327                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits               45                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      4347500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.006957                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.sampled_refs                    30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu0.dcache.tagsinuse                28.280349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.total_refs                   22079                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks                       1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles         31385                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts         367055                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles           175688                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:RunCycles            148454                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles          34938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles           158                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                      79925                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                    83600                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                       244044                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9987                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                        413648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                  31188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.198634                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles             83600                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches             54549                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.028021                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples            399788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.034668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.929402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0-1                239369     59.87%     59.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1-2                 86666     21.68%     81.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2-3                 18970      4.75%     86.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3-4                 18363      4.59%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4-5                  2993      0.75%     91.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5-6                 13233      3.31%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6-7                  1665      0.42%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7-8                  2406      0.60%     95.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                   16123      4.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total              399788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses             83600                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 14035.763411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11552.755906                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits                 82873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      10204000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.008696                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses                 727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               92                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      7336000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007596                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_refs                130.508661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses              83600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 14035.763411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11552.755906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits                  82873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency       10204000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate          0.008696                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses                  727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits                92                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      7336000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007596                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses             635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu0.icache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu0.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu0.icache.occ_%::0                  0.187347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.occ_blocks::0            95.921890                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses             83600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 14035.763411                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11552.755906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits                 82873                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency      10204000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate         0.008696                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses                 727                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits               92                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      7336000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007596                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses            635                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu0.icache.replacements                   524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.sampled_refs                   635                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu0.icache.tagsinuse                95.921890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.total_refs                   82873                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.idleCycles                           2585                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:branches                   37656                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:nop                        48476                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:rate                    0.417965                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:refs                       49837                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:stores                     13176                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.EXEC:swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.WB:consumers                    81944                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.WB:count                       164449                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.WB:fanout                    0.932149                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.iew.WB:penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.WB:penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu0.iew.WB:producers                    76384                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.WB:rate                      0.408698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.WB:sent                        164672                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts               31697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                41051                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              9374                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               22447                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             270509                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                36661                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            34703                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts               168178                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                 34938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads           7417                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation          646                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads        10500                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores        11061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           646                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30841                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.260942                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.260942                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu         142871     70.42%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult             0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.42% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead         46166     22.76%     93.18% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite        13844      6.82%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total          202881                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                  173                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate            0.000853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu               23     13.29%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead              11      6.36%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite            139     80.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples       399788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507471                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.960639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0-1       279763     69.98%     69.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1-2        72065     18.03%     88.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2-3        24983      6.25%     94.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3-4        14756      3.69%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4-5         5406      1.35%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5-6         2153      0.54%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6-7          473      0.12%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7-8          157      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           32      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total       399788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.ISSUE:rate                    0.504211                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                    204299                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                   202881                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              17734                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          79448                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                3                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          8705                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        34402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads             7616                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores              83                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads               41051                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores              22447                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.numCycles                          402373                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps         87918                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles           188663                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents             1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups        464430                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts         298607                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands       213629                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:RunCycles            135723                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles          34938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles           563                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps           125711                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles        30736                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts         9619                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:skidInsts             36235                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts         9747                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            284                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.workload.PROG:num_syscalls             89                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBHits                   53615                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                73516                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             30904                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.condPredicted             87311                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.lookups                   87311                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.BPredUnit.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.commit.COM:branches                 25648                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:bw_lim_events              570                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.commit.COM:bw_limited                   0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples       355192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.364749                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.823293                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0-1       269483     75.87%     75.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1-2        56385     15.87%     91.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2-3        24471      6.89%     98.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3-4         1296      0.36%     99.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4-5          793      0.22%     99.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5-6          569      0.16%     99.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6-7         1611      0.45%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7-8           14      0.00%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8          570      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total       355192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.COM:count                   129556                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:loads                    30466                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:membars                   8390                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:refs                     41763                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.COM:swp_count                    0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts            30904                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.commitCommittedInsts        129556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           9104                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts         142883                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.committedInsts                     104728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedInsts_total               104728                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              3.839040                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        3.839040                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses             29199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 17894.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15858.433735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits                 29009                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       3400000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.006507                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses                 190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      2632500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005685                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_accesses                68                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 22592.592593                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 24604.651163                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_hits                    14                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency       1220000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate         0.794118                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_misses                  54                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits               11                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      1058000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.632353                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses             43                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses            11229                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 23876.984127                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15889.908257                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits                11103                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      3008500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate        0.011221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses                126                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits              17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      1732000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009707                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_refs                709.516129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses              40428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 20280.063291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15870.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits                  40112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency        6408500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate          0.007816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses                  316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      4364500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.006802                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.dcache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu1.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_%::0                  0.053563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.occ_blocks::0            27.424102                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses             40428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 20280.063291                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15870.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits                 40112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency       6408500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate         0.007816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses                 316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits               41                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      4364500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.006802                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.sampled_refs                    31                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu1.dcache.tagsinuse                27.424102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.total_refs                   21995                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks                       1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles         31080                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts         370792                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles           175773                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:RunCycles            148188                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles          35250                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles           151                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                      87311                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                    83559                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                       243794                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 9908                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                        428254                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                  31054                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.217162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles             83559                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches             53615                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.065163                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples            399545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.071854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            1.991830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0-1                239335     59.90%     59.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1-2                 86108     21.55%     81.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2-3                 18621      4.66%     86.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3-4                 13625      3.41%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4-5                  2965      0.74%     90.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5-6                 17436      4.36%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6-7                  2130      0.53%     95.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7-8                  2391      0.60%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                   16934      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total              399545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses             83559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 13800.273598                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11301.412873                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits                 82828                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      10088000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.008748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses                 731                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               94                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      7199000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007623                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_refs                130.028257                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses              83559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 13800.273598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11301.412873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits                  82828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency       10088000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate          0.008748                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses                  731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits                94                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      7199000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007623                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses             637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu1.icache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu1.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu1.icache.occ_%::0                  0.183643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.occ_blocks::0            94.025224                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses             83559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 13800.273598                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 11301.412873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits                 82828                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency      10088000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate         0.008748                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses                 731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits               94                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      7199000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007623                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses            637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu1.icache.replacements                   525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.sampled_refs                   637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu1.icache.tagsinuse                94.025224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.total_refs                   82828                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.idleCycles                           2510                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:branches                   37542                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:nop                        48922                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:rate                    0.416853                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:refs                       49631                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:stores                     13081                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.EXEC:swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.WB:consumers                    81643                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.WB:count                       163892                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.WB:fanout                    0.931911                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.iew.WB:penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.WB:penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu1.iew.WB:producers                    76084                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.WB:rate                      0.407636                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.WB:sent                        164117                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts               31560                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                41822                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts              9263                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4013                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               22260                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             272458                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                36550                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            35100                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts               167598                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                 35250                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads           7331                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation          641                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads        11356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores        10963                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           641                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          844                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         30716                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.260482                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.260482                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu         142808     70.45%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult             0      0.00%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.45% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead         46141     22.76%     93.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite        13749      6.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total          202698                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                  173                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate            0.000853                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu               23     13.29%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     13.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead              11      6.36%     19.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite            139     80.35%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples       399545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.507322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.960841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0-1       279804     70.03%     70.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1-2        71581     17.92%     87.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2-3        25282      6.33%     94.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3-4        14650      3.67%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4-5         5420      1.36%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5-6         2146      0.54%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6-7          473      0.12%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7-8          157      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           32      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total       399545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.ISSUE:rate                    0.504155                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                    205352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                   202698                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              18184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          81269                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                3                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          9080                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        37464                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads             8438                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores              93                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads               41822                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores              22260                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.numCycles                          402055                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps         87658                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles           188598                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents             1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups        466261                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts         302877                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands       213560                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:RunCycles            135600                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles          35250                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles           564                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps           125902                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles        30430                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts         9493                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:skidInsts             36017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts         9618                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            280                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBHits                   44906                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                70035                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             43027                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.condPredicted             71789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.lookups                   71789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.BPredUnit.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.commit.COM:branches                 23667                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:bw_lim_events              171                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.commit.COM:bw_limited                   0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples       377940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.368394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.672472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0-1       268475     71.04%     71.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1-2        84750     22.42%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2-3        22813      6.04%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3-4          683      0.18%     99.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4-5          329      0.09%     99.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5-6          229      0.06%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6-7          453      0.12%     99.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7-8           37      0.01%     99.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8          171      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total       377940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.COM:count                   139231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:loads                    42546                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:membars                     84                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:refs                     64325                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.COM:swp_count                    0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts            43027                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.commitCommittedInsts        139231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls            559                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts         182418                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.committedInsts                     118749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedInsts_total               118749                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              3.713463                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        3.713463                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses             24971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 30599.025974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23979.820628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits                 24663                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       9424500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.012334                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses                 308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               85                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      5347500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.008930                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_accesses                42                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 15538.461538                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 12538.461538                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_hits                    16                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency        404000                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate         0.619048                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_misses                  26                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency       326000                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.619048                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses             26                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses            21737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 45735.701906                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 39151.515152                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits                21160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency     26389500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate        0.026545                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses                577                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits             379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      7752000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.009109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_refs                168.806818                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        66000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses              46708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 40467.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31115.201900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits                  45823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency       35814000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate          0.018948                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses                  885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits               464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     13099500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.009013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.dcache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu2.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_%::0                  0.285109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_%::1                 -0.006965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::0           145.975885                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu2.dcache.occ_blocks::1            -3.566137                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses             46708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 40467.796610                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31115.201900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits                 45823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency      35814000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate         0.018948                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses                 885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits              464                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     13099500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.009013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.dcache.replacements                    10                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.sampled_refs                   176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu2.dcache.tagsinuse               142.409748                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.total_refs                   29710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks                       6                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles         54269                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts         458617                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles           166605                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:RunCycles            156987                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles          44866                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles            79                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                      71789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                    88443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                       246728                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                21058                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                        464576                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                  43179                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.162798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles             88443                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches             44906                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.053532                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples            422806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.098792                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.122739                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0-1                264558     62.57%     62.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1-2                 88255     20.87%     83.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2-3                  1011      0.24%     83.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3-4                 21518      5.09%     88.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4-5                  1067      0.25%     89.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5-6                 21230      5.02%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6-7                   652      0.15%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7-8                   705      0.17%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                   23810      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total              422806                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses             88443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 37054.535017                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35099.253731                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits                 87572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      32274500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.009848                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses                 871                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits              201                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     23516500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        10250                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_refs                130.899851                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        20500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses              88443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 37054.535017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35099.253731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits                  87572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency       32274500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate          0.009848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses                  871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits               201                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     23516500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses             670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu2.icache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu2.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu2.icache.occ_%::0                  0.526897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.occ_blocks::0           269.771036                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses             88443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 37054.535017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35099.253731                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits                 87572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency      32274500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate         0.009848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses                 871                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits              201                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     23516500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses            670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu2.icache.replacements                   363                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.sampled_refs                   669                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu2.icache.tagsinuse               269.771036                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.total_refs                   87572                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.idleCycles                          18164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:branches                   45174                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:nop                        60963                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:rate                    0.434102                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:refs                       67735                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:stores                     22705                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.EXEC:swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.WB:consumers                    96501                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.WB:count                       189859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.WB:fanout                    0.973959                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.iew.WB:penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.WB:penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu2.iew.WB:producers                    93988                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.WB:rate                      0.430549                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.WB:sent                        190138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts               43334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                     24                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                46475                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             21048                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2818                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               43788                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             321686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                45030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            43684                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts               191426                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     3                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                 44866                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    4                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked           16                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads          19969                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation          186                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads         3929                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores        22009                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           186                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          868                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         42466                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.269290                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.269290                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu         166509     70.82%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult             0      0.00%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.82% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead         45663     19.42%     90.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite        22938      9.76%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total          235110                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                  133                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate            0.000566                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu               38     28.57%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     28.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead              27     20.30%     48.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite             68     51.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples       422806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.556071                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.945329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0-1       286677     67.80%     67.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1-2        67298     15.92%     83.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2-3        43645     10.32%     94.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3-4        22116      5.23%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4-5         1740      0.41%     99.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5-6          920      0.22%     99.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6-7          282      0.07%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7-8          102      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           26      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total       422806                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.ISSUE:rate                    0.533166                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                    239551                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                   235110                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              21172                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          99184                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued               52                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         20613                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        15669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads            20136                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores             109                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads               46475                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores              43788                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.numCycles                          440970                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:BlockCycles              32                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps         97924                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles           188399                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents             5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups        512581                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts         328892                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands       245007                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:RunCycles            135302                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles          44866                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles           350                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps           147083                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles        53857                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts        21162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:skidInsts             84753                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts        21158                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                    0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBHits                   51243                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.BTBLookups                69683                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                  0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condIncorrect             32692                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.condPredicted             78569                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.lookups                   78569                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.BPredUnit.usedRAS                       0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.commit.COM:branches                 25257                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:bw_lim_events              568                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.commit.COM:bw_limited                   0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples       351415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.376558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.826419                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0-1       262526     74.71%     74.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1-2        59947     17.06%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2-3        24097      6.86%     98.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3-4         1297      0.37%     98.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4-5          787      0.22%     99.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5-6          568      0.16%     99.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6-7         1611      0.46%     99.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7-8           14      0.00%     99.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8          568      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total       351415                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.COM:count                   132328                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:loads                    32245                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:membars                   5830                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:refs                     45707                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.COM:swp_count                    0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts            32692                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.commitCommittedInsts        132328                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls           6543                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts         149632                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.committedInsts                     110450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedInsts_total               110450                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              3.645957                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        3.645957                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses             28797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 19788.770053                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16721.212121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits                 28610                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency       3700500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.006494                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses                 187                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency      2759000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            165                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_accesses                67                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 21918.181818                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22138.297872                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_hits                    12                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency       1205500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate         0.820896                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_misses                  55                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_hits                8                       # number of SwapReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      1040500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.701493                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses             47                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses            13395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 23007.751938                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 14729.729730                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits                13266                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency      2968000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate        0.009630                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses                129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits              18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency      1635000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.008287                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses           111                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_refs                804.066667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses              42192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 21102.848101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15920.289855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits                  41876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency        6668500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate          0.007490                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses                  316                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency      4394000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.006542                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses             276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.dcache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu3.dcache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_%::0                  0.056978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.occ_blocks::0            29.172631                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses             42192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 21102.848101                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 15920.289855                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits                 41876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency       6668500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate         0.007490                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses                 316                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits               40                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency      4394000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.006542                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses            276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.dcache.replacements                     2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.sampled_refs                    30                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu3.dcache.tagsinuse                29.172631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.total_refs                   24122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks                       1                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles         35128                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts         388171                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles           168108                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:RunCycles            148027                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles          36551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles           152                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                      78569                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                    81998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                       239499                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                12083                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                        427102                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                  32841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.195107                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles             81998                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches             51243                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.060607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples            397135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.075458                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.013935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0-1                239656     60.35%     60.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1-2                 85048     21.42%     81.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2-3                 14012      3.53%     85.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3-4                 17951      4.52%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4-5                  2990      0.75%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5-6                 15291      3.85%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6-7                  1676      0.42%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7-8                  2382      0.60%     95.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                   18129      4.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total              397135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses             81998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 19529.880478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16592.417062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits                 81245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency      14706000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.009183                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses                 753                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits              120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     10503000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.007720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_refs                128.349131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        32500                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses              81998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 19529.880478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16592.417062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits                  81245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency       14706000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate          0.009183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses                  753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits               120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     10503000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.007720                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses             633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu3.icache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu3.icache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu3.icache.occ_%::0                  0.192956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.occ_blocks::0            98.793514                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses             81998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 19529.880478                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 16592.417062                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits                 81245                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency      14706000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate         0.009183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses                 753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits              120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     10503000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.007720                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses            633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu3.icache.replacements                   522                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.sampled_refs                   633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu3.icache.tagsinuse                98.793514                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.total_refs                   81245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks                       0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.idleCycles                           5561                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:branches                   39289                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:nop                        47300                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:rate                    0.440007                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:refs                       53548                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:stores                     15235                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.EXEC:swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.WB:consumers                    87751                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.WB:count                       173492                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.WB:fanout                    0.936696                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.iew.WB:penalized                        0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.WB:penalized_rate                   0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu3.iew.WB:producers                    82196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.WB:rate                      0.430826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.WB:sent                        173712                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts               33345                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                      0                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts                42639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts             11434                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             4085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts               26562                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts             281979                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts                38313                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts            36396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts               177189                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                     0                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                    0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                 36551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles                    0                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads           9499                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation          639                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads        10394                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores        13100                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           639                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect          830                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         32515                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.274276                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.274276                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu         152352     71.33%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult             0      0.00%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv              0      0.00%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.33% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead         45332     21.22%     92.56% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite        15901      7.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total          213585                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt                  168                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate            0.000787                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu               18     10.71%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult               0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     10.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead              11      6.55%     17.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite            139     82.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples       397135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.537815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.988033                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0-1       274584     69.14%     69.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1-2        68377     17.22%     86.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2-3        29162      7.34%     93.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3-4        16815      4.23%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4-5         5405      1.36%     99.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5-6         2141      0.54%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6-7          468      0.12%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7-8          158      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8           25      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total       397135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.ISSUE:rate                    0.530388                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                    217367                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                   213585                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded              17312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          84893                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued                2                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         10769                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        34030                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads             9667                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores              80                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads               42639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores              26562                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.numCycles                          402696                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps         93774                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles           183092                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups        489966                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts         307555                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands       229124                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:RunCycles            133281                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles          36551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles           561                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps           135350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles        34481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts        11653                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:skidInsts             44534                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts        11782                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            293                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::0                   12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::1                   12                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::2                   94                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::3                   13                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_accesses::total              131                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::0       572875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::1       572875                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::2 73132.978723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::3 528807.692308                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1747690.671031                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40316.793893                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_latency             6874500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::0                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::1                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::2                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::3                   1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total               4                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::0                     12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::1                     12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::2                     94                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::3                     13                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_misses::total                131                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency        5281500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::0      10.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::1      10.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::2       1.393617                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::3      10.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total    33.303873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadExReq_mshr_misses                  131                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::0                    649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::1                    651                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::2                    752                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::3                    647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_accesses::total               2699                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::0        4142500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::1        7249375                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::2   63451.859956                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::3   325814.606742                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11781141.466698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 39997.282609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::0                        642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::1                        647                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::2                        295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::3                        558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_hits::total                   2142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_latency              28997500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::0              0.010786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::1              0.006144                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::2              0.607713                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::3              0.137558                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_miss_rate::total          0.762201                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::0                        7                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::1                        4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::2                      457                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::3                       89                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_misses::total                  557                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_hits                        5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency         22078500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::0         0.850539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::1         0.847926                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::2         0.734043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::3         0.853168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     3.285677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2c.ReadReq_mshr_misses                    552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::0                  19                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::1                  22                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::2                  52                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::3                  21                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_accesses::total             114                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::0 68894.736842                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::1        59500                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::2 25173.076923                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::3 62333.333333                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency::total 215901.147099                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40039.473684                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_latency            1309000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::0                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::1                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::2                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::3                  1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_miss_rate::total              4                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::0                    19                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::1                    22                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::2                    52                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::3                    21                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_misses::total               114                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency       4564500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::0             6                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::1      5.181818                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::2      2.192308                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::3      5.428571                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate::total    18.802697                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.l2c.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses                 114                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::0                    9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_accesses::total                9                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::0                        9                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.Writeback_hits::total                    9                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2c.avg_refs                          3.998131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.blocked::no_mshrs                        0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked::no_targets                      0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.blocked_cycles::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2c.cache_copies                             0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2c.demand_accesses::0                     661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::1                     663                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::2                     846                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::3                     660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_accesses::total                2830                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::0         1888000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::1         2242000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::2    65103.448276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::3    351686.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4546789.722786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency  40058.565154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.demand_hits::0                         642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::1                         647                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::2                         295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::3                         558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_hits::total                    2142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2c.demand_miss_latency               35872000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::0               0.028744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::1               0.024133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::2               0.651300                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::3               0.154545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_miss_rate::total           0.858723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_misses::0                        19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::1                        16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::2                       551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::3                       102                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_misses::total                   688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_hits                         5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_latency          27360000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::0          1.033283                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::1          1.030166                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::2          0.807329                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::3          1.034848                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total      3.905626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2c.demand_mshr_misses                     683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2c.fast_writes                              0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2c.mshr_cap_events                          0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.l2c.no_allocate_misses                       0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2c.occ_%::0                          0.000042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::1                          0.000041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::2                          0.005574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::3                          0.001194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_%::4                          0.000088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2c.occ_blocks::0                     2.720574                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::1                     2.658049                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::2                   365.307630                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::3                    78.263554                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.occ_blocks::4                     5.734616                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.l2c.overall_accesses::0                    661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::1                    663                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::2                    846                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::3                    660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_accesses::total               2830                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::0        1888000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::1        2242000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::2   65103.448276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::3   351686.274510                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4546789.722786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 40058.565154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2c.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.l2c.overall_hits::0                        642                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::1                        647                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::2                        295                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::3                        558                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_hits::total                   2142                       # number of overall hits
system.l2c.overall_miss_latency              35872000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::0              0.028744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::1              0.024133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::2              0.651300                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::3              0.154545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_miss_rate::total          0.858723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_misses::0                       19                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::1                       16                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::2                      551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::3                      102                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_misses::total                  688                       # number of overall misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_hits                        5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_latency         27360000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::0         1.033283                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::1         1.030166                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::2         0.807329                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::3         1.034848                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     3.905626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_misses                    683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.l2c.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.l2c.replacements                             0                       # number of replacements
system.l2c.sampled_refs                           535                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.soft_prefetch_mshr_full                  0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.l2c.tagsinuse                       454.684423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2c.total_refs                            2139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2c.warmup_cycle                             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2c.writebacks                               0                       # number of writebacks

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
