
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                 117151                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 194316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 11998.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                               91901100                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  1405618365                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  1.102659                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1102659088000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect                     0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBHits                182414509                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.BPredUnit.BTBLookups             203429498                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect                   0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condIncorrect           83681535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.BPredUnit.condPredicted          254458061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.BPredUnit.lookups                254458061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.BPredUnit.usedRAS                        0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.commit.COM:branches               86248929                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_lim_events           8096109                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu.commit.COM:bw_limited                    0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::samples   1964055004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::mean     0.758399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.188214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::0-1   1088074201     55.40%     55.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::1-2    575643784     29.31%     84.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::2-3    120435541      6.13%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::3-4    120975798      6.16%     97.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::4-5     27955067      1.42%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::5-6      8084166      0.41%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::6-7     10447088      0.53%     99.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::7-8      4343250      0.22%     99.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::8      8096109      0.41%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:committed_per_cycle::total   1964055004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu.commit.COM:count                1489537508                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:loads                 402517243                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:membars                   51356                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:refs                  569375199                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu.commit.COM:swp_count                     0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu.commit.branchMispredicts          83681535                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu.commit.commitCommittedInsts     1489537508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.cpu.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2243671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1390237652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu.committedInsts                  1405618365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts_total            1405618365                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu.cpi                               1.568931                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu.cpi_total                         1.568931                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses          426261934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 14297.662769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency  6789.135084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits              425346235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency    13092355500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.002148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses               915699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits            667386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1685830500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000583                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          248313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_accesses               1326                       # number of SwapReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_miss_latency 38037.500000                       # average SwapReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 35037.500000                       # average SwapReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_hits                   1286                       # number of SwapReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_latency        1521500                       # number of SwapReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_miss_rate          0.030166                       # miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_misses                   40                       # number of SwapReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_latency      1401500                       # number of SwapReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.030166                       # mshr miss rate for SwapReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SwapReq_mshr_misses              40                       # number of SwapReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         166856630                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 37763.269313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 36078.327068                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             164634096                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency   83930150000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.013320                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses             2222534                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits          1870625                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency  12696288000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.002109                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses         351909                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                1119.158447                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses           593118564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 30916.284897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23961.331807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits               589980331                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency     97022505500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.005291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               3138233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits            2538011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency  14382118500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses           600222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.999897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4095.579742                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses          593118564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 30916.284897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 23961.331807                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits              589980331                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency    97022505500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.005291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              3138233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits           2538011                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency  14382118500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.001012                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses          600222                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 523278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                 527374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4095.579742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs                590215067                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle              166150000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                   348749                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:BlockedCycles      416443317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:DecodedInsts      3435538799                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:IdleCycles         762668513                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:RunCycles          782001789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:SquashCycles       239759977                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu.decode.DECODE:UnblockCycles        2941385                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu.fetch.Branches                   254458061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu.fetch.CacheLines                 354588619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu.fetch.Cycles                    1199300749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu.fetch.IcacheSquashes              10659931                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu.fetch.Insts                     3732201000                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu.fetch.SquashCycles                88873599                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu.fetch.branchRate                  0.115384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.icacheStallCycles          354588619                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu.fetch.predictedBranches          182414509                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu.fetch.rate                        1.692364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::samples         2203814981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::mean              1.693518                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::stdev             2.831719                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::underflows               0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::0-1             1359102894     61.67%     61.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::1-2              256500547     11.64%     73.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::2-3               81150170      3.68%     76.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::3-4               38425919      1.74%     78.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::4-5               85384463      3.87%     82.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::5-6               41200023      1.87%     84.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::6-7               32567288      1.48%     85.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::7-8               20688755      0.94%     86.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::8                288794922     13.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::overflows                0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::min_value                0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::max_value                8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.fetch.rateDist::total           2203814981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses          354588619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 33291.255289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34798.042059                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits              354586492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       70810500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                 2127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits               748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     47986500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses            1379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               257319.660377                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses           354588619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency 33291.255289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34798.042059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits               354586492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        70810500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                  2127                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     47986500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses             1379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.516598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0           1057.993144                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses          354588619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency 33291.255289                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 34798.042059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits              354586492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       70810500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                 2127                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits               748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     47986500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses            1379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    222                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                   1378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse               1057.993144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs                354586492                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idleCycles                         1503196                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:branches                128154505                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:nop                     351416641                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:rate                     0.859194                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:refs                    749485536                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:stores                  207432555                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu.iew.EXEC:swp                             0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu.iew.WB:consumers                1490113215                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:count                    1862924801                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:fanout                     0.963395                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized                         0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:penalized_rate                    0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.cpu.iew.WB:producers                1435567297                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu.iew.WB:rate                       0.844742                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu.iew.WB:sent                     1872447487                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu.iew.branchMispredicts             91815044                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu.iew.iewBlockCycles                 3100855                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             743909112                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           21390967                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          17059392                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu.iew.iewDispStoreInsts            301399339                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          2879831174                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             542052981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts          94512444                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu.iew.iewExecutedInsts            1894795217                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu.iew.iewIQFullEvents                  42359                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewIdleCycles                        0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu.iew.iewLSQFullEvents                  9892                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu.iew.iewSquashCycles              239759977                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu.iew.iewUnblockCycles                 75722                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.forwLoads       115767211                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.ignoredResponses        47414                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.memOrderViolation      5474059                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedLoads    341391869                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu.iew.lsq.thread.0.squashedStores    134541383                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        5474059                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1481544                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       90333500                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu.ipc                               0.637377                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu.ipc_total                         0.637377                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntAlu      1186637129     59.65%     59.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntMult              0      0.00%     59.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IntDiv               0      0.00%     59.65% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatAdd       2990803      0.15%     59.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     59.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     59.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     59.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     59.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     59.80% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemRead      571681967     28.74%     88.54% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::MemWrite     227997762     11.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:FU_type_0::total       1989307661                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_cnt               4014627                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_busy_rate             0.002018                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::No_OpClass             0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntAlu            142220      3.54%      3.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntMult                0      0.00%      3.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IntDiv                 0      0.00%      3.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatAdd          232755      5.80%      9.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCmp               0      0.00%      9.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatCvt               0      0.00%      9.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatMult              0      0.00%      9.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatDiv               0      0.00%      9.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%      9.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemRead          3328922     82.92%     92.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::MemWrite          310730      7.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::IprAccess              0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::samples   2203814981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::mean     0.902665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.144866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::0-1   1083881876     49.18%     49.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::1-2    586425801     26.61%     75.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::2-3    298714420     13.55%     89.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::3-4    164995038      7.49%     96.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::4-5     47215803      2.14%     98.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::5-6     14943143      0.68%     99.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::6-7      6716019      0.30%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::7-8       790183      0.04%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::8        132698      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:issued_per_cycle::total   2203814981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu.iq.ISSUE:rate                     0.902050                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsAdded                 2506731488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu.iq.iqInstsIssued                1989307661                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded            21683045                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1079315429                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued            646014                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       19439374                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   1293054156                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses          279061                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency 34294.562838                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31161.514866                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency   9570275000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses            279061                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency   8695963500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses       279061                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses            249692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 34106.857257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31002.384760                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits                214678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency    1194217500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.140229                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses               35014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency   1085517500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.140229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses          35014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses          72896                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency 34203.262182                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31019.788466                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency   2493281000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses            72896                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency   2261218500                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses        72896                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses          348749                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits              348749                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  4.234507                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses             528753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency 34273.636870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31143.774576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                 214678                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency    10764492500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.593992                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses               314075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency   9781481000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.593992                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses          314075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.055938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.444640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0          1832.969770                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         14569.950583                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses            528753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency 34273.636870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 31143.774576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits                214678                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency   10764492500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.593992                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses              314075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency   9781481000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.593992                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses         314075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements                 84499                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs                 99950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             16402.920353                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                  423239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle                     0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                   61948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingLoads         460341314                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu.memDep0.conflictingStores        141106002                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedLoads            743909112                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.memDep0.insertedStores           301399339                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu.numCycles                       2205318177                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:BlockCycles         17694861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:CommittedMaps     1244779250                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:FullRegisterEvents          863                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IQFullEvents           27117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:IdleCycles         826425901                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:LSQFullEvents       23298995                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:ROBFullEvents              7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenameLookups     4917191691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedInsts      3093611594                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RenamedOperands   2420068259                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:RunCycles          717791884                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:SquashCycles       239759977                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UnblockCycles       32521130                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:UndoneMaps        1175289009                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializeStallCycles    369621228                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:serializingInsts     21984761                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:skidInsts          170791702                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu.rename.RENAME:tempSerializingInsts     21775082                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu.timesIdled                           43184                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              49                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
