
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
host_inst_rate                                1049992                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 196480                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  4431.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             1351159917                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                  4653327894                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_seconds                                  5.988038                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                5988037845000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses         1239184742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency 25018.463901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 22018.463901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits             1231962487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency   180689726000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.005828                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses              7222255                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency 159022961000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005828                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses         7222255                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses         438528336                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency 55999.840680                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency 52999.840680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits             436281288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency  125834330000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate         0.005124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses             2247048                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency 119093186000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.005124                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses        2247048                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_refs                 183.121439                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses          1677713078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency 32370.287021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency 29370.287021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits              1668243775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency    306524056000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate           0.005644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses               9469303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency 278116147000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.005644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses          9469303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.occ_%::0                   0.997259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.occ_blocks::0           4084.774232                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses         1677713078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency 32370.287021                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency 29370.287021                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits             1668243775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency   306524056000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate          0.005644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses              9469303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency 278116147000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.005644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses         9469303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                9107896                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.sampled_refs                9111992                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.dcache.tagsinuse               4084.774232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.total_refs               1668601086                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.warmup_cycle            58863918000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks                  2243955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses         4013232890                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits             4013232215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency       37800000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate          0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses                  675                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency     35775000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses             675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_refs               5945529.207407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses          4013232890                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits              4013232215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency        37800000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate           0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses                   675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits                  0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency     35775000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate      0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses              675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.mshr_cap_events                   0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.occ_%::0                   0.271276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.occ_blocks::0            555.573148                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses         4013232890                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency        56000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        53000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits             4013232215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency       37800000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate          0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses                  675                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency     35775000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses             675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     10                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.sampled_refs                    675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.icache.tagsinuse                555.573148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.total_refs               4013232215                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.warmup_cycle                      0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.writebacks                        0                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_accesses         1889737                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_latency  98266324000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_miss_rate              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_misses           1889737                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency  75589480000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadExReq_mshr_misses      1889737                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_accesses           7222930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_hits               5327537                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_latency   98560436000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_miss_rate         0.262413                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_misses             1895393                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency  75815720000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate     0.262413                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.ReadReq_mshr_misses        1895393                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_accesses         357311                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_miss_latency 51947.899729                       # average UpgradeReq miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average UpgradeReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_latency  18561556000                       # number of UpgradeReq miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_miss_rate             1                       # miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_misses           357311                       # number of UpgradeReq misses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_latency  14292440000                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_miss_rate            1                       # mshr miss rate for UpgradeReq accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.UpgradeReq_mshr_misses       357311                       # number of UpgradeReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_accesses         2243955                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.l2cache.Writeback_hits             2243955                       # number of Writeback hits
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     no_value                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.avg_refs                  2.380966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.l2cache.cache_copies                     0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_accesses            9112667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_hits                5327537                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_latency   196826760000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_miss_rate          0.415370                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_misses              3785130                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_hits                 0                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_latency 151405200000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_miss_rate     0.415370                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.demand_mshr_misses         3785130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.fast_writes                      0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.l2cache.mshr_cap_events                  0                       # number of times MSHR cap was activated
system.cpu.l2cache.no_allocate_misses               0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::0                  0.437806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_%::1                  0.347809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::0         14346.014207                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.occ_blocks::1         11397.001683                       # Average occupied blocks per context
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_accesses           9112667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_miss_latency        52000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency        40000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_avg_mshr_uncacheable_latency     no_value                       # average overall mshr uncacheable latency
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_hits               5327537                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_latency  196826760000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_miss_rate         0.415370                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_misses             3785130                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_hits                0                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_latency 151405200000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_miss_rate     0.415370                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_misses        3785130                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_latency            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable cycles
system.cpu.l2cache.overall_mshr_uncacheable_misses            0                       # number of overall MSHR uncacheable misses
system.cpu.l2cache.replacements               2771977                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.l2cache.sampled_refs               2798150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.soft_prefetch_mshr_full            0                       # number of mshr full events for SW prefetching instrutions
system.cpu.l2cache.tagsinuse             25743.015890                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.l2cache.total_refs                 6662299                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.l2cache.warmup_cycle          4737770578000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.l2cache.writebacks                 1199166                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                      11976075690                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.num_insts                       4653327894                       # Number of instructions executed
system.cpu.num_refs                        1677713078                       # Number of memory references
system.cpu.workload.PROG:num_syscalls              46                       # Number of system calls

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
